Accidental Public Confession
Actually a Doombot
Backstab Backfire
Be Careful What You Wish For
The Big Bad Shuffle
The Cake Is a Lie
Career-Ending Injury
Captain Obvious Reveal
Chair Reveal
Daydream Surprise
Not Too Dead to Save the Day
Didn't See That Coming
The Dog Bites Back
Easily Overheard Conversation
Family Relationship Switcheroo
Game Changer
I Am Not Your Father
I Am Who?
I Made Copies
It Was with You All Along
Left for Dead
Mask of Sanity (when the character is revealed to be crazy later instead of from the start)
Nested Story Reveal
Nice Job Breaking It, Hero
Non-human Lover Reveal
Nothing Is the Same Anymore
Prophecy Twist
Prophetic Fallacy
Released to Elsewhere
The Reveal
Internal Reveal
Really Royalty Reveal
Resemblance Reveal
Reverse Relationship Reveal
The Unreveal
Save The World Climax
Secretly Dying
Secret Test
Hidden Purpose Test
Secret Test of Character
Shocking Swerve
Stranger Behind the Mask
Superweapon Surprise
Take a Third Option
Tomato Surprise
Tomato in the Mirror
Everyone Is A Tomato
Two Aliases, One Character
The Untwist
Unreliable Narrator
Villainous Legacy
Waking Up Elsewhere
Luke, I Am Your Father:	Character who is loved or despised ends up being a family member.	
The Mole: A character convinces us he has good motives when he really has evil ones / Betrayal.	
Reverse Mole: A character convinces us he has evil motives when he really has good ones.	
Tomato in the Mirror: A certain character is revealed, to their own surprise as well as the audience's, that they are not what they believed themselves to be.	
All Just a Dream, Dying Dream: The story is revealed by the end to have actually been a dream, illusion, or Near-Death Experience.	
Dead All Along, Imaginary Friend: A certain character is revealed as a ghost or an illusion, or actually never existed.	
Nice Job Breaking It, Hero: The result of some sort of devastation was actually caused by the group seeking to fix it.	
Faking the Dead, Left for Dead, No One Could Survive That: Someone who is assumed to be dead actually never died.	
Double Agent: Double and triple-agent surprises.	
Platonic Cave: A person or community is haunted by a fake reality that was set up to control or protect him/them.	
I Am Who?, Changeling Fantasy: A character who believed he had nothing special about him learns that he is actually royalty or has special powers.	
It Was with You All Along: An object or piece of intelligence of great value for which a character was seeking was right under his nose the whole time.	
Attractive Bent-Gender: A character who is infatuated with another learns that the person is really a Wholesome Crossdresser or something similar. 
Unwitting Pawn: A character or group of characters eventually realize that they've been lured into unknowingly aiding the enemy.	
I Surrender, Suckers: A character allows himself to be captured by the enemy. It is later revealed that he did so intentionally, as part of his plan.	
Meaningless Villain Victory, Take a Third Option, Deus ex Machina	The solution to a problem is less than ideal and it seems as if the antagonists have won; however, at the last moment, a third option is presented or some other unexpected occurrence takes place, which rekindles hope.	
Hidden Purpose Test: A reward or positive outcome is offered to a character based on his performance. However, the person doing the offering never made it clear what sort of performance he was expecting, and therefore the outcome is different than the viewer supposed.	
Be Careful What You Wish For, Karmic Twist Ending: A character makes a wish. He then begins experiencing strange things, which he assumes to be coincidences, practical jokes, or fiction. But in fact it is not fiction - his wish came true!
Unreliable Narrator: The narrator hides a secret from the audience. He eventually reveals himself to be someone he is not or to know something he didn't admit to earlier.
Adopt the Dog: The movie turns out to be less cynical than expected when a character chooses to be unambiguously heroic.	
Nested Story Reveal: Events that the viewer is led to believe are "real" (within the movie) turn out to be a fictional Nested Story within a larger Framing Device.