He hadn't seen anything like it in twenty years of teaching
His solution to the problem of having two children to care for, was to find another woman to do the job.
The victim had tried to write something as he was dying.
He sat her down and held her close before telling her the terrible news.
As she stopped to catch her breath, she looked back
When she opened the door, she wished
She took a deep breath and said to her boss -
He wanted to tell him how much he loved him but
Spider threads caught at her face, a sign that no-one had been there yet
He had enjoyed ten years of being totally irresponsible
He had waited twenty years to return it
As the dream faded, she chased it, forlorn
The text message simply said 'very clever'
As he fell, he waited for
Under normal circumstances he would speak his mind, but, with a gun against his head
There had been many theories about how she had been murdered
The girl shouldn't have been sacked but if he said anything
The urge to interrupt him before he had finished was overwhelming
The first Christmas she could remember was also her best Christmas ever.
She had found something that would mean she'd never be poor again - but there was a catch
She decided to go to her father's grave, to ask his advice
The fire was getting closer
She was carried along by the crowd
That summer seemed to last forever
As she searched, her movements were frantic
His voice had never sounded so cold
It was just for one night
She kept checking her phone and email, wishing someone would make contact
They say everyone who looks into their family history will find a secret sooner or later
She looked around quickly, to see if anything had been taken.
She had to find the necklace, before
Spare some change please?
He hadn't seen the old man since
As a child, he'd been told dolls were for girls.
Someone must have seen him, because the police were at his door
Was it a knock that had woken her?
He stared hard at the table as he tried to recall his attacker, and began describing
As the policeman pulled back the sheet, she knew immediately that
More and more people were refusing to obey the laws of the land
She turned and nearly fell over the bonnet of his car, which was crawling
quietly along the street.
As she stopped to catch her breath, she looked back
The entrance to the tunnel was his only way out
He realized the child had seen him and he couldn't let him get away
It started with a chance meeting on a film-set
Most vivid amongst the memories of his home town
As he opened the car door, there was a loud
He was stunned - the stranger in front of him looked exactly like the girl he'd been dreaming about
It was just for one night
The house wasn't the same to her any more
He hadn't meant to scare the child
Why shouldn't they help themselves, after the way they'd been treated?
The attack was over in seconds
There was something not quite right about the window.
It was up to her to investigate how the accident had really happened
The pen hadn't been worth stealing
He was terrified of small spaces and she knew
He wanted her job and it would be easy enough to
He had kept their mother alive in their thoughts. Too alive, perhaps.
Outside the cabin, the wind howled through the trees, while inside, the old woman's fire was nearly out.
She stood out from the crowd because
There was a strange wailing sound coming from the next room
She was beginning to realize how far down in her memory she'd buried her teenage years
Head high, she swept out of the room. A second later, head even higher, she swept back in, snatched up the money and was gone again.
The accident wasn't her fault
She knelt on the carpet in her new living-room, a big cardboard box in front of her, unwrapping ornaments
"It's all bills, bills, bills. That's my only answer now," he said, pointing to
They found his diary under his bed
Reluctantly, he handed over the key
It was Sunday, and there shouldn't have been a letter in the mailbox, but there was.
He tried to remember who had talked him into this.
They crinkled their noses, wondering what could make the room smell like this.
I cared what she thought, so when she dared me I knew I was in trouble.
The locked door fascinated and puzzled her.
The night was dark and stormy.
The floorboard creaked."
A stranger was knocking at the door.
Suddenly, the window slammed shut.
The door slammed behind him.
He should have never been there in the first place.
She had been warned, but now it was too late.
No one had ever heard the wind blow like this before.
The train was late today, and it was always early.
The man laughed loudly at a joke that only he had heard.
The locked door fascinated and puzzled her.
Something moved in the cupboard.
It wasn't her fault. Really.
A mysterious box was sitting on the doorstep.
Late into the night, the snow fell and fell.
Something brushed up against my foot.
A stranger was knocking at the door.
The fire engine arrived too late.
It was the scariest thing she had ever seen.
Someone must have broken the window.
I should have listened with both ears instead of one.
You know...there is nothing as tempting as a locked door.
The footprints in the snow suddenly ended.
He laughed in my face.
In the end it didn't matter.
It was never going to be an ordinary day.
My sister said June would be right for the job, after the drought.
Father threw a party for my doctor.
Call me Storyman for I am the man of the hour.
Call me Joe and harken to my tale. This is something about nothing.
Mother said: 'I love you,' when Johnny broke his parole.
My family said Hell would be right for the job, after the drought.
It was an unhappy day in September when Dad's picture was on the front page.
My family said August might be a reminder of the time before, after the invasion.
It was the day after the weekend in January when the bridge was washed away.
The day when we all got busted, I became a businessman's body guard.
Call me King and know that is my name. This is why you have never heard of me.
Johnny put a curse on the Mystic Minstrel.
Aunt Maude knew they would never find Santa Claus.
The day Johnny backed the truck into the river, we staged a revolt.
Aunt Maude said: 'I love you,' when my family lost it's fortune.
My friend Joe said Paris would bring back memories of the wedding, after the amnesty.
My brother said January would always be the same, after the amnesty.
The day the Sherrif called round, we opened the house to the public.
The day we called for an ambulance to be sent, we purchased the 'rustbucket'.
The day Aunt Maude fell down the stairs, we buried the vicar.
Call me my brother for I am the last Dragonslayer.
The weekend when the Sherrif called round, I became a pirate's hatchetman.
